Scheduler: add Overview (#6625)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Scheduler/02 Overview/05 Elements.md

> Below is an element map. A click on an element navigates to the topic related to this element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a map of elements. Click on an element to navigate to a topic related to that element.
```
